README.md, before:

# Comments
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/silverstripe/silverstripe-comments.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/silverstripe/silverstripe-comments)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/silverstripe/silverstripe-comments/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/silverstripe/silverstripe-comments/?branch=master)
[![Code Coverage](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/silverstripe/silverstripe-comments/badges/coverage.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/silverstripe/silverstripe-comments/?branch=master)
[![Build Status](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/silverstripe/silverstripe-comments/badges/build.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/silverstripe/silverstripe-comments/build-status/master)
[![codecov.io](https://codecov.io/github/silverstripe/silverstripe-comments/coverage.svg?branch=master)](https://codecov.io/github/silverstripe/silverstripe-comments?branch=master)

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/silverstripe/comments/version)](https://packagist.org/packages/silverstripe/comments)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/silverstripe/comments/v/unstable)](//packagist.org/packages/silverstripe/comments)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/silverstripe/comments/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/silverstripe/comments)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/silverstripe/comments/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/silverstripe/comments)
[![Monthly Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/silverstripe/comments/d/monthly)](https://packagist.org/packages/silverstripe/comments)
[![Daily Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/silverstripe/comments/d/daily)](https://packagist.org/packages/silverstripe/comments)

[![Dependency Status](https://www.versioneye.com/php/silverstripe:comments/badge.svg)](https://www.versioneye.com/php/silverstripe:comments)
[![Reference Status](https://www.versioneye.com/php/silverstripe:comments/reference_badge.svg?style=flat)](https://www.versioneye.com/php/silverstripe:comments/references)

![codecov.io](https://codecov.io/github/silverstripe/silverstripe-comments/branch.svg?branch=master)

![helpfulrobot](https://helpfulrobot.io/silverstripe/comments/badge)

[Changelog](CHANGELOG.md)

## Introduction

This module provides commenting functionality for Pages and other DataObjects on your SilverStripe site.

For more documentation about the module see the provided documentation located inside the docs folder.

## Requirements

 * SilverStripe ^4.0

## Installation

```
composer require silverstripe/comments
```

See docs/en/Installing.md

## Related

 * [silverstripe/silverstripe-comments-notifications](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-comments-notifications): Comment admin email notifications module

## Contributing

### Translations

Translations of the natural language strings are managed through a
third party translation interface, transifex.com.
Newly added strings will be periodically uploaded there for translation,
and any new translations will be merged back to the project source code.

Please use https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/silverstripe-comments/ to contribute translations,
rather than sending pull requests with YAML files.

See the ["i18n" topic](http://doc.silverstripe.org/framework/en/trunk/topics/i18n) on doc.silverstripe.org for more details.

Commit message:

DOCS Update readme badges and add version support note

README.md, after:

# Comments

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/silverstripe/silverstripe-comments.svg)](http://travis-ci.org/silverstripe/silverstripe-comments)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/g/silverstripe/silverstripe-comments.svg)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/silverstripe/silverstripe-comments/?branch=master)
[![Code Coverage](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/silverstripe/silverstripe-comments.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/silverstripe/silverstripe-comments)

## Introduction

This module provides commenting functionality for Pages and other DataObjects on your SilverStripe site.

For more documentation about the module see the provided documentation located inside the docs folder.

## Requirements

 * SilverStripe ^4.0

**Note:** This branch is compatible with SilverStripe 4. For a SilverStripe 3 release, please see the 2.x release line.

## Installation

```
composer require silverstripe/comments
```

See docs/en/Installing.md

## Related

 * [silverstripe/silverstripe-comments-notifications](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-comments-notifications): Comment admin email notifications module

## Contributing

### Translations

Translations of the natural language strings are managed through a
third party translation interface, transifex.com.
Newly added strings will be periodically uploaded there for translation,
and any new translations will be merged back to the project source code.

Please use https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/silverstripe-comments/ to contribute translations,
rather than sending pull requests with YAML files.

See the ["i18n" topic](http://doc.silverstripe.org/framework/en/trunk/topics/i18n) on doc.silverstripe.org for more details.
